Phoenix Driver Software Licence & Warranty Agreement
----------------------------------------------------

ACCEPTANCE
If you agree with and wish to accept the terms and
conditions of this Agreement it shall become a legally
binding agreement between you and Active Silicon Limited
and you may proceed to install, copy and use the software
in accordance with the terms and conditions of the
Agreement.

REJECTION AND RIGHT TO A REFUND
If you do not agree with or do not wish to be bound by
the terms and conditions of this Agreement you may NOT
install, copy or use the Software and should promptly
return the software to the person who provided it to you
for a refund.

TERMS AND CONDITIONS
1. Active Silicon Limited (hereafter referred to as
"Active Silicon") hereby grants you a non-exclusive, non-
transferable licence to use, copy, merge, demonstrate,
market, distribute and sub-license the enclosed software,
in object code form, and media on which it is contained
(the "Licensed Software") in accordance with this
Agreement.  Any merged portion of the Licensed Software
will continue to be subject to the Terms and Conditions
of this Agreement and you must reproduce and include all
copyright notices in the merged program and on the media
and documentation that accompany it.  You do not obtain
title to the Licensed Software.  You have no right or
authority to permit any other person to have access to
the Licensed Software by means of timesharing, remote
computing services, networking, or any other means (other
than a sub-licence in accordance with this Agreement).

2. You may market and sub-license the Licensed Software
subject to the Terms and Conditions of this Agreement and
only as an integral part of a computing system comprised
of Active Silicon's hardware products.  You shall
be responsible for installation, support and maintenance
of any Licensed Software that is furnished to a
sub-licensee and shall indemnify and hold Active Silicon
harmless from any and all claims, demands, liability,
expenses and costs, including reasonable legal costs,
which are related in any way to your acts or omissions.
Each sub-licence granted shall authorise the sub-licensee
to make copies of the Licensed Software only for archival
or back-up purposes necessary to sub-licensee's operation
of the Licensed Software and any copies so made shall be
deemed part of the Licensed Software.

3. The Licensed Software is warranted for a period of
ninety (90) days from date of shipment as evidenced by
the invoice to you for the Licensed Software.  Active
Silicon warrants that the Licensed Software will perform
substantially in the manner described in the manual which
accompanies the software.  If the Licensed Software fails
to meet said specifications, you must report said failure
to Active Silicon's Technical Support Department within
the warranty period.  Active Silicon's only obligation
under this warranty is to provide a "patch" or
"workaround" within a reasonable period of time after
receipt of report of failure.  Active Silicon will
furnish, upon request, updates of the Licensed Software,
if any, during the warranty period.  Change requests for
user convenience, additional functionality, and
enhancements are not considered defects and are not
provided under Active Silicon's warranty.  Active
Silicon's warranty does not cover defects reported after
the expiration of the ninety (90) day warranty period.

4. EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN PARAGRAPH 3, ACTIVE SILICON
DOES NOT MAKE ANY WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY
KIND, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE LICENSED
SOFTWARE AND SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY AND/OR FITNESS FOR ANY
PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE.  DO NOT USE THE LICENSED
SOFTWARE IN ANY CASE WHERE SIGNIFICANT DAMAGE OR INJURY
TO PERSONS, PROPERTY OR BUSINESS MAY HAPPEN IF AN ERROR
OCCURS.  YOU EXPRESSLY ASSUME ALL RISK FOR SUCH USE.

5. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL ACTIVE SILICON BE LIABLE
FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL LOSS (INCLUDING ANY COSTS, CLAIMS
DAMAGES AND EXPENSES CALCULATED BY REFERENCE TO PROFITS,
INCOME, PRODUCTION OR ACCRUALS), INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR
EXEMPLARY DAMAGES EVEN IF APPRAISED OF THE LIKELIHOOD OF
SUCH DAMAGES OCCURRING.

6. THE LICENSED SOFTWARE CONTAINS CONFIDENTIAL
INFORMATION AND TRADE SECRETS PROPRIETARY TO ACTIVE
SILICON.  DISASSEMBLY OR DECOMPILATION OF THE SOFTWARE IS
PROHIBITED.  No parts of the enclosed Software or
documentation may be reproduced in any form by any means
without prior written consent of Active Silicon or as
otherwise permitted in this Agreement.

7. You warrant that you will not use the Licensed
Software except as herein permitted or authorised.  You
will indemnify Active Silicon for any loss or expense,
including reasonable legal costs, incurred by Active
Silicon in defending any claim arising from use of the
Licensed Software or from your failure to perform your
obligations under this License Agreement.

8. The invalidity of any portion or provision of this
License Agreement shall not affect any other portions or
provisions.  This License Agreement shall be governed by
the laws of England.  This License Agreement is the
entire agreement between you and Active Silicon, and it
supersedes any prior agreement, oral or written, and any
other communication between you and Active Silicon
relating to the subject matter of this License Agreement.
Any amendment or modification of this License Agreement
must be in writing and signed by both parties.
